Automation: Automation refers to the use of technology to perform tasks without human intervention, replacing repetitive manual steps with automated processes.
- Automation is suitable for tasks that are repetitive, high-risk for human error, or require consistent execution.
-  Tasks that call for human creativity, social connection, psychology, flexibility, ingenuity, evaluation, 
and/or complex analytic work are not good candidates for full automation. 

* Input: Input is the information provided to a program by the user, which can include text, voice, and images.
* Programming languages: Programming languages are used to write computer programs and include languages like Python, Java, and C++.
* Computer program: A computer program is a step-by-step list of instructions that a computer follows to achieve a specific goal.
* Output: Output is the result produced by a function or program, which can take various forms.
* Syntax: Syntax is a set of rules for constructing statements in programming languages, similar to grammar rules in human languages.
* Variables: Variables are used to temporarily store changeable values in programming code.
* Script: Scripts are shorter, less complex programs used to automate tasks, often written in languages like Python or JavaScript.
* Functions - A function is a reusable block of code that performs a specific task.
* Semantics - Semantics refers to the intended meaning or effect of statements, or collections of words, in both human and computer languages.
Semantic errors are also referred to as logical errors.

******Common syntax errors:
Misspellings
Incorrect indentations
Missing or incorrect key characters:
Bracket types - ( curved ), [ square ], { curly }
Quote types - "straight-double" or 'straight-single', “curly-double” or ‘curly-single’
Block introduction characters, like colons - :
Data type mismatches
Missing, incorrectly used, or misplaced Python reserved words
Using the wrong case (uppercase/lowercase) - Python is a case-sensitive language 
#If your syntax is correct, but the script has unexpected behavior or output, this may be due to a semantic problem.
Syntax is like the vocabulary, grammar, spelling, and punctuation of code. Semantics are the meaning and logic of coded statements. 
It is possible to have syntactically correct code that runs successfully, but doesn't do what we want it to do.
Common semantic errors:
Creating functional code, but getting unintentional output
Poor logic structures in the design of the code.

* Order of Operations: The order of operations in Python follows PEMDAS: Parentheses, Exponents, Multiplication/Division, Addition/Subtraction.

-----------------------The Zen of Python--------------------------
Beautiful is better than ugly.

Explicit is better than implicit.

Simple is better than complex.

Complex is better than complicated.

Flat is better than nested.

Sparse is better than dense.

Readability counts.

Special cases aren't special enough to break the rules.

Although practicality beats purity.

Errors should never pass silently.

Unless explicitly silenced.

In the face of ambiguity, refuse the temptation to guess.

There should be one—and preferably only one—obvious way to do it.

Although that way may not be obvious at first unless you're Dutch.

Now is better than never.

Although never is often better than *right* now.

If the implementation is hard to explain, it's a bad idea.

If the implementation is easy to explain, it may be a good idea.

Namespaces are one honking great idea -- let's do more of those!

